# :airplane: Step Inside Japan :airplane:
### Brandon Larrabee
### Geography 371: Web Mapping
##### Description

A repository created for the final project of Geography:361 Web Mapping offered at Oregon State University. The project was to find an interactive web map to critique and present to the class. The map can be found at [Step Inside Japan](https://www.insideasiatours.com/step-inside/japan)
<br> </br>
The objective of this map is to entice people to travel to Japan. It is part of a broader web map family that is called [Inside Asia Tours](https://www.insideasiatours.com/step-inside/japan) whose objective is to increase the tourism for a couple countries in Asia. They designed this map to be user friendly and show beautiful pictures of places within Japan. The target audience seems to be English speakers because the fact that the map text is in English. It also seems to be targeting people who can afford to travel and want to take beautiful pictures. I think its for a younger audience as well because the map imagery is more appropriate for a younger audience. I am pretty sure the map was created/served on the web in 2019. It was created by [Green Chameleon](https://www.craftedbygc.com/portfolio/step-inside-asia/) in for Inside Asia Tours.
<br> </br>
The systematic architecture seems to be the same as most of the pages. There is the main webpage which has folders for animations (loading compass), images, and a folder for places. The html page is included in here as well. There are a bunch of plug-in websites that contain js and css files that work in tandem with the main html page. The page also has an audio file as well as a video that is on the into page.
<br> </br>
For the most part I really like the map design as a whole. I like the simplicity of it and ease of use. The clickable places that then pop up with pictures taken in the place is a very efficient way to show the beauty of the places without having to have text heavy pages. Another feature is an inset map that shows your location on the island of japan to give you a general idea of where you are. The clickable links included are also very helpful and a good way of displaying and sharing information. There is Twitter, Facebook, and Pinterest share links as well as an embed link so you can embed this map on your page. There is a link in the bottom left corner that takes you to the webpage of the creators. This is an awesome feature because anybody who views the map can learn more about their company and see their other work. This feature gives them exposure and makes it easier for someone else to contract them for map creation. In the right bottom corner there is a clickable feature that pops up information on how to book a trip to Japan which is the overall objective of the web map so I feel like this feature is important and a good inclusion on the map. My favorite feature of the map is a clickable box in the center bottom which takes you to a random location on the map that is fun to just explore Japan with. One of the things I don't like is that you cant zoom in more on areas and I don't like how panning around the map works.
<br> </br>
The base map source is google. There are tiles cached and js plugins to view them. The vector data is point data that has an image tied to clicking on the point the photos were taken by Green Chameleon and the locations of the points is general knowledge. The thematic layer is made up of different icons that give a general idea of what the point of interest is such as mountains and pagodas. There are also non-clickable icons and animations that give the map more life.
<br> </br> 
There are no map elements used on the main map but the page is locked in its orientation which is north up. I think it's fine without the elements though because the information being shared doesn't depend on knowing the directions
<br> </br>
I don't think this map supports responsive design. I think overall the map is really good and the only way I would improve it is to add more pictures and places so there are more features to look at and more pictures per place.
